Once upon a time...
There was a city built by the sea. Most people worked at the paper airplane plant. Then one day everything changed... There was a billionaire who decided he wanted the town to himself and started replacing the humans with robots. These robots required giant batteries to recharge that began taking up space. Leaving no place to live. People no longer could afford homes since all the land was being taken up by these changing stations. These robots also moved around the city with no regard for the human, if they were in the way they simply ran them down. There was no law to protect the people since the billionare had so much influnce in the town.

At first the people thought the robots must be programmed that way. As time when by, people began to wonder if the robots were concious to the harm they were causing humans. No one knew how the robots were built so they had no idea how they worked. They were humaniod with silver metalic bodies like a statue that came to life. They did not walk as humans do, they had wheels like rollerskates on their feet. They would walk at times to get up stairs and such. Their face had no expression just a blank stare with yellow LEDs that glowed ominously if you saw one at night.

The billionare's name was Feff and was at least 200 years old. Other people live much shorter lives so they wondered why he lived so long. If was most people's assumption that he had done something to his body and was no longer alive. No one knew since they only saw him once a year when he returned from his vacation home on Venus. He had built a large home that somehow made the planet inhabitable. No one really since he was the only one allowed to use his rocket car.

William M. Buttlicker just wanted to buy some paper.  He loved Lisa, but grew weary of her robot legs.  He longed for the days where paper airplanes flew freely and flammability was appreciated.  He had one million dollars, and was ready to make a change, but there was just one problem.  His one million dollars was made out of paper...

Story conuntines on....
